c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.dll.config
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.pdb
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.pdb
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.dll.config
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.pdb
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.dll
C:\Users\shuva\Documents\Development\DevBox\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.pdb
