c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests.pdb
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.pdb
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests.dll
c:\users\shuva\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests\obj\Debug\ConsumingAWebServiceDemo.Tests.pdb
